well howdy there and other people let's
bow again so tonight I'm going to answer
a couple questions I'm going to answer
these questions because I got each one
of them more than once from different
people and they share a component at
least in the answer anyway one's about
Trudeau the others about Yang and you
know I talked about the Trudeau thing
and I didn't give my opinion on it I
think that surprised people so all right
let me start off by saying that when I
read the headline I was picturing
southern American blackface if you don't
know what that is good for you good for
you
blackface is backed okay southern
American blackface is evil it is evil
there's there's no way to do it
without malice you know it's not just a
lack of understanding it's not just
being a little insensitive it's evil it
has a long and horrible tradition here
in the south so my opinion of it was
very tainted by that but all of the
questions I got involving Trudeau with
the exception of one included a sub
question do I think the apologies enough
I know there were a lot of jokes about
the black delegation or the Latino
delegation trading to get me and that's
funny the skillet that's cool but I am
still why he didn't dress up like me I'm
not part of the demographic that was
depicted my opinion on his apology is
completely irrelevant
doesn't matter you know if Jimmy insults
Uzi you don't ask Billy
if the apology was sufficient I think we
should probably focus on the people that
were directly impacted
now I reached out to every person of
color I know north of the border both of
them I know that's not a huge sample
size but I got two responses one was
that they believe he's a cause a racist
but his racism doesn't find its way into
his legislation so in a lesser of two
evils kind of move they're willing to
overlook it because they think the other
guy is just an open racist so there's
that and then the other person kind of
gave me a lecture on you know I should
know more than anybody that people can
change over twenty years and and yeah
fair enough what I would point out is
that even within that demographic there
are varying views of his apology and
whether or not it was sufficient I don't
know that clouding the discussion with
the opinion of somebody that is
completely irrelevant to the discussion
is a wise thing I think we should
probably focus on those that were
impacted
the other question was about Yang and
whether or not I thought his playing
into stereotypes what was acceptable now
let me start by saying I may not have
all the information here I'm not sure
what prompted this flood of questions
the only two that I'm aware that he
played into is that Asians are good at
math and the Asians become doctors a lot
that's it okay so if this is about
anything else disregard everything I'm
about to say in group jokes that that's
like 30% of my content so I obviously
don't have a problem with in group jokes
in general however as far as how the
asian-american community feels or the
Asian community in general feels about
it you'd have to talk to them you'd have
to talk to them you know there's this
idea especially in the United States
that all opinions matter and that sounds
cool I don't know that that's true
though you know if you're driving down
the road and there's a car that's
flipped over and you stopped to help and
you pull the guy out and the surgeon who
also stopped said that you need to do a
needle decompression on his chest and
the investment banker that's walking by
assisting amputate his leg which are you
doing sometimes it's better to get the
opinion of people that are actually
involved that know a little bit more you
know I think that all of them well I
think most opinions should be heard that
doesn't mean they all get the same
weight and in today's world where
everybody has access to social media and
Kenan
can spread their message I think people
feel like they have to have an opinion
on everything you don't you don't not
everything requires your personal
response and sometimes your personal
response may drown out the opinions of
those people that need to be heard more
it's just something to keep in mind
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night